MDN feature pages for SVGAnimatedTransformList (#37077)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svganimatedtransformlist/baseval/index.md

---
title: SVGAnimatedTransformList.baseVal Property
short-title: baseVal
slug: Web/API/SVGAnimatedTransformList/baseVal
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SVGAnimatedTransformList.baseVal
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

The **`SVGAnimatedTransformList.baseVal`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SVGAnimatedTransformList")}} interface represents the non-animated value of the `transform` attribute of an SVG element.

> This property provides access to the static value of the `transform` attribute, as set by the `transform` or similar presentation attributes (such as `gradientTransform` or `patternTransform`) of an SVG element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property reflects the SVG element's {{SVGAttr("transform")}}, the {{SVGElement("linearGradient")}} or {{SVGElement("radialGradient")}} element's {{SVGAttr("gradientTransform")}} attribute, or the {{SVGElement("pattern")}} element's {{SVGAttr("patternTransform")}} attribute value as a readonly {{ domxref("SVGTransformList") }}, providing access to a static {{ domxref("SVGTransform") }} for each transform function set on the SVG element.
```

Reviewer: similar edit for anim

## Value

An {{domxref("SVGTransformList")}} object that represents the current, non-animated value of the `transform` attribute.

## Examples

```js
// Get the rectangle element
const rect = document.getElementById("myRect");

// Access the non-animated transform list of the element
const baseTransforms = rect.transform.baseVal;

// Log the base transforms to the console

> console.log(baseTransforms);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.dir(baseTransforms);
```
for strings, use `log`. If an objects or object-like, use `dir`.
